[Starting with programming](03.html) | [Top](index.html) | [A first attempt for a customer](05.html)

# My first software ideas #

As soon as I had Turbo Pascal I also had my first ideas for a software. While my education, I had collected many diskettes and it seemed to be complicated to keep notes on paper or only on the stickers to know, what is on these diskettes.

I started to write ‚dateiver‘ - a disk cataloging system. It had only a command line UI. Even today there exists many command line tools and on Linux there are many that also work together and are very helpful. But my application was a standalone application not designed to work with other applications together.

At that time I also learned much about programming data structures and I needed them in my disk cataloging system. Also I learned how to store and load the collected data and also to traverse a file system to read in the data from a disk. All that was before knowing something about databases.




[Starting with programming](03.html) | [Top](index.html) | [A first attempt for a customer](05.html)


# The professionals use SAA #

Later, when I tried to market that software as a shareware version, I got told that this application would not win a price. It was lacking a modern UI and thus the software dealer I contacted, was not appealed about it to put that in his store.

I had to buy another compiler version and needed to migrate my software from Turbo Pascal 5.5 to 6.0 to be able to utilize that new fancy SAA UI toolkit.



