[I began porting Train](11.html) | [Top](index.html) | [Starting my open source project](13.html)

# After some time Sybase dropped Power++ #

It came to pass that Sybase decided to drop Power++ and I was upset. Not only that I have wasted money, but also my effort into the port was likely some dead cow now. I was really angry and I stopped development of that application immediately. Because it made no sense for me in that stage of the application. The club never got a running application. 

I had to learn hard, that companies don’t really care about their customers - at least those small ones that the company may neglect due to the sales. I never had found out, why they have dropped Power++. There was a final release I didn’t got notice about and recently I found out that the company gave the enterprise version to all registered customers - even with the Developer version only.

After years I had found out that fact. I come back to the Enterprise version later.

At that point in time I had to rethink my way to develop software. It probably was at the announcement or short after that, when I made my rethinking. Also at that time I started learning to cope with Linux - the new thing. I wanted to start also programming there. Experimenting with Linux as a programmer, I looked around what to use as an API or framework to write software with. I started learning to know wxWidgets and other stuff. wxWidgets was most appealing as it was free of charge and I made a decision to use that framework, because I could save time again.

When playing with Linux and Windows in parallel, I figured out that I also wanted to run the application on one machine and using the other as a server speaking together. So, doing client server stuff was the next big thing beside my last client server thing (database) that implicitly was using client server communication.

It was about 1999 and long story short - I started a new project. A project I still work on today…

My project was born - not yet open source. I started trying to create an UI wrapper that I do no longer depend upon UI specific stuff or even UI frameworks. I wanted to include somewhat like CORBA or similar thing, but my own. That was because I have lost my trust into products I purchase and then I go to the next product and that has it’s own framework I probably would use ending up in a rewrite of my application again.

At that time I had a job as a software developer and gained some experience in the area of client server programming and database programming. I also learned to know CVS - a version management system. I learned much at that time jumping into the cold water. All I needed in the future - really worth the experience. I made it from a hobby developer to a professional software developer - yet a beginner - but that is another story.



[I began porting Train](11.html) | [Top](index.html) | [Starting my open source project](13.html)





[SchneiderPC1512GEM]: SchneiderPC1512GEM.png

[Dateiver]: Dateiver.png

[TVBuild]: TVBuild.png

[Watcom]: Watcom.png

[Train]: Train.png

[TrainVisualStudio]: TrainVisualStudio.png

[TrainWindows10]: TrainWindows10.png

[SybasePower]: SybasePower.png

[PortedTrainres]: PortedTrainres.png

[lbDMFManager]: lbDMFManager.png

[lbDMFManagerGenerated]: lbDMFManagerGenerated.png

