[After some time Sybase dropped Power++](12.html) | [Top](index.html) | [The current state and why it is still alive](14.html)

# Starting my open source project #

When I had made some progress with my Windows and Linux trials and my first attempt within my big project goal, I stepped back and thought twice about the goals. I started to realize that it was too big at once. I also realized that the attempt at first would not succeed at the scale I had in my mind.

Nevertheless I proceeded with the project and a full rewrite. Most parts were reusable and I had only to make it compatible to the new design. The snippets are still viewable within the CVS project history. Now, of course, I have made a migration path to Git while keeping that history. That Git migration is part of my current attempt to start over with development after a long break. I was caught into my next show stopper. That was CVS, but that is also another story and only partly related to obsolescence.

To sum it up, why I started an open source project was as follows:

Products provide their own frameworks. These frameworks may be available with other products, but that is no guarantee for no porting effort required. If the product has no common framework, such as MFC (within Watcom and Microsoft Visual C++ onwards I think), you end up using their own frameworks and risk a lock in into that product line. It was not only a lock in (Power++), but also a show stopper at all when Sybase decided to drop that product.

With my own framework, I indeed write another framework and do the same as those companies, but it is at my control. I can keep using it. I can make decisions at my own pace to keep using it and I can still make it available in the public. The project has been started, rewritten, made public and is still in active development at a stable state. I designed it in a way similar to COM or CORBA using pure abstract classes (much more technically), but that is the main decision, I made and why it is still alive.



[After some time Sybase dropped Power++](12.html) | [Top](index.html) | [The current state and why it is still alive](14.html)





[PastedGraphic]: PastedGraphic.png

[Dateiver]: Dateiver.png

[TVBuild]: TVBuild.png

[Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um105545]: Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um105545.png

[Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um111447]: Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um111447.png

[Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um112431]: Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um112431.png

[Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um112746]: Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um112746.png

[Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um114925]: Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um114925.png

[Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um115956]: Bildschirmfoto2024-10-20um115956.png

[lbDMFManager]: lbDMFManager.png width=1076px height=900px

[2024-07-0916_35_43-Greenshot]: 2024-07-0916_35_43-Greenshot.png width=1440px height=810px

